>>> ON THIS EDITION FOR SUNDAY
OCTOBER 20, WE'LL EXAMINE TH
SIGNIFICANCE OF THE TENTATIV
$13 BILLION PENALTY THAT THE
NATION'S LARGEST BANK WILL PAY
IN OUR SIGNATURE SEGMENT, HAWAII
RESIDENTS TAKING ON COMPANIE
DEVELOPING GENETICALLY MODIFIE
SEEDS.
THEY CLAIM THE PESTICIDES USED
ARE MAKING THEM SICK
>>> MORE THAN 100 YEARS AFTE
HIS DEATH, MARK TWAIN REVEALED
NEXT ON PBS NEWS HOUR WEEKEND.
FROM THE TISH WPB STUDIOS IN NEW
YORK, HARI SREENIVASAN
>> GOOD EVENING.
THANKS FOR JOINING US.
WE BEGIN TONIGHT WITH A CLOSER
LOOK AT THE TENTATIVE DEAL
REACHED YESTERDAY BETWEEN TH
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT AND JP MORGAN
CHASE.
THE AGREEMENT WOULD REQUIR
CHASE, THE NATION'S LARGES
BANK, TO PAY A RECORD $1
BILLION PENALTY.
IT STEMS FROM ALLEGATIONS THAT
CHASE KNOWINGLY SOLD MORTGAGES
TO PEOPLE.
IT WAS BETWEEN DIRECT TALKS OF
JAMIE DIAMOND, THE CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER.
WE'RE JOINED WITH THE REPORTER
FROM BLOOMBERG NEWS, HAS BEE
FOLLOWING THE CHASE STORY FO
SOME TIME.
BESIDE THE $13 BILLION NUMBER,
WHY IS THIS SO SIGNIFICANT
>> WE'RE SEEING KIND OF A SE
CHANGE RIGHT NOW FOR WALL STREET
AND ITS RELATIONSHIP WIT
WASHINGTON
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION HAS
GOTTEN NOTHING BUT CRITICISM FOR
NOT GOING AFTER BANKS HARD
ENOUGH FOR THE FINANCIAL CRISIS,
AND NOW WHAT YOU'RE SEEING IS
LITTLE BIT OF CATCH-UP
SOME ANALYSTS THINK THAT BECAUSE
BANKS ARE HEALTHIER NOW, THEY'RE
BETTER POSITIONED TO ABSOR
THESE LOSSES
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE SEEING THE
ADMINISTRATION KICK UP PRESSUR
ON THEM.
YOU'RE ALSO SEEING, FOR JP
MORGAN, THIS RESOLVED A NUMBER
OF INVESTIGATIONS, BUT THI
RESOLVED ABOUT FIVE DIFFEREN
INVESTIGATIONS AGAINST J
MORGAN, ONE OF WHICH WAS A
ACTUAL LAWSUIT FROM THE FEDERA
HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY
THAT WAS FOR LOSSES THAT FANNI
AND FREDDIE INCURRED ON BA
LOANS THAT THEY BOUGHT FROM JP
MORGAN, FROM BEAR STEARNS, FRO
WASHINGTON MUTUAL THAT THE
BOUGHT FROM THOSE TWO ENTITIES
DURING THE CRISIS.
SO YOU'RE SEEING A VERY DRAMATIC
AND VERY TOUGH STANCE IN
WASHINGTON AGAINST BANKERS I
GENERAL.
>> SO PART OF THAT IS DEFINED AS
$4 BILLION RELEASED FO
CONSUMERS.
WHAT'S THAT MEAN
>> WE'RE NOT QUITE SURE HO
THAT'S GOING TO BE STRUCTURE
YET.
WHAT WE DO KNOW FOR SURE -
WELL, WHAT WE'RE TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT, REALLY, ACTUALLY, IS
HOW IT AFFECTS BONDHOLDERS
BECAUSE THE PEOPLE WHO LOS
MONEY ON THESE INVESTIGATION
ARE THE BONDHOLDERS.
BUT IT DOESN'T LOOK AS GOOD IF
THE U.S. GOVERNMENT GETS MONEY
BACK FOR BILLIONAIRES LIKE BIL
GROSS AT PEMCO
SO WHAT WE BELIEVE THEY'VE DON
IS THEY'VE STRUCTURED SOME SOR
OF MORTGAGE RELEASE, MAYBE
PRINCIPAL REDUCTION, MAYBE
INTEREST RATE REDUCTION.
IT DOESN'T HURT THE BANK AS MUCH
WHEN THEY STRUCTURE IT THAT WA
SO THE BANK CAN GIVE MORE MONE
TOWARDS THAT BECAUSE IT'S TA
DEDUCTIBLE
IT ALSO, I DON'T BELIEVE, HAS TO
RECOGNIZE ALL THOSE COSTS UP
FRONT.
AND SO THAT'S WHAT WE'RE TRYIN
TO FIGURE OUT.
>> SO ONE OF THE DISTINCTION
INSIDE THIS IS THAT CHASE IS NOT
IMMUNE FROM CRIMINAL
INVESTIGATION.
>> NO.
>> WHY THAT CLARIFICATION, AND
IS THAT GOING TO HAVE AN IMPAC
FOR INVESTORS ON MONDAY?
>> IT MAY HAVE AN IMPACT FOR
INVESTORS, NOT LIKEL
NECESSARILY IMMEDIATELY ON
MONDAY
YOU MAY SEE THE STOCK MOVE A
LITTLE BIT, BUT THE IMPACT WOULD
BE LATER ON IF THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT DECIDES TO GO FORWARD
WITH SOME SORT OF DEFERRED
PROSECUTION AGREEMENT.
CHASE IS ALREADY UNDER A
DEFERRED PROSECUTION AGREEMENT
FOR ACTIVITIES IN SELLING BOND
IN ALABAMA, TWO MUNICIPALITIES
THERE.
SO THEIR MUNICIPAL BOND SALE
PRACTICES HAVE ALREADY COM
UNDER CRIMINAL SCRUTINY AN
THEY'RE ALREADY UNDER AN
AGREEMENT THERE.
THIS WOULD BE ANOTHER SIMILA
TYPE OF INVESTIGATION WITH THE
SAME KINDS OF RAMIFICATIONS,
ALSO EXECUTIVES MIGHT BE AT RISK
AS WELL.
>> SPEAKING OF EXECUTIVES, JAMIE
DIAMOND HAS BEEN KIND OF A
POLARIZING FIGURE.
ON THE ONE HAND, CHASE HAS HAD
70% STOCK GROWTH SINCE THE
FINANCIAL CRASH IN 2008.
ON THE OTHER HAND, IT'S JUST
PENALTY AFTER PENALTY AFTE
PENALTY.
>> IT IS
JP MORGAN HAS GOTTEN CREDIT FROM
INVESTORS -- LARGE INVESTORS AND
ITS BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR BEING
A GOOD MANAGER, FOR MAKING GOO
MONEY.
THEY MADE A RECORD 4.2 BILLION
THEY'RE ONE OF THE MOS
PROFITABLE BANKS IN THE WORLD.
THERE'S NO DISPUTING THAT,
HOWEVER, THERE IS PENALTY AFTE
PENALTY AFTER PENALTY.
THESE AREN'T THINGS TH
GOVERNMENT MADE UP, THESE AR
THINGS THE COMPANY ACTUALLY DI
WRONG, IN SOME CASES ADMITTING
WRONGDOING
THEY MANIPULATED SOME MARKETS IN
CALIFORNIA, THEY ADMITTED TO
MISTAKES IN THE LONDON WHALE
LOSS LAST YEAR
THEY'RE UNDER INVESTIGATION FO
THEIR HIRING PRACTICES IN ASIA
THEY'RE A WHOLE HOST OF THINGS
AND THE COMPANY IS TRYING TO
HITTEN THE INTERNAL CONTROLS
BUT WHAT SOME PEOPLE HAV
THOUGHT IS MAYBE THEY WEREN'T IN
AS MUCH SCRUTINY BEFORE BECAUS
THEY'RE SO WELL MANAGED, AND NOW
THIS IS JUST THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT CATCHING UP TO ALL OF
THAT
>> DAWN KOPECKI IN BLOOMBERG
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU
>>> THEY AIRED THEIR DIFFERENCES
IN WHAT TURNED OUT TO BE THE
FAILED STRATEGY OF TRYING TO
ROLL BACK THE AFFORDABLE CAR
ACT BY SHUTTING DOWN THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT
SENATOR TED CRUZ, WHO LED TH
CAMPAIGN TO TRY TO UNDO THE LAW,
LEFT OPEN THE POSSIBILITY THAT
HE WOULD TRY THE SAME TACTIC
AGAIN.
WILL YOU RULE OUT PUSHING TO THE
BRINK OF OTHER SHUTDOWN BY
SAYING YOU WOULD BLOCK FUNDING
FOR GOVERNMENT UNLESS OBAMA CARE
IS DEFUNDED?
WOULD YOU DO THAT AGAIN?
>> I WOULD DO ANYTHING, AND
WILL CONTINUE TO DO ANYTHING I
CAN, TO STOP THE TRAIN WRECK
THAT IS OBAMA CARE
>> TWO OTHER PROMINENT
REPUBLICANS, FORMER FLORID
GOVERNOR JEB BUSH AND SENATO
JOHN McCAIN ALSO RIDICULED THE
PRESIDENT'S LEGISLATION.
THEY POINTED OUT DIFFICULTIE
SIGNING UP FOR THE HEALTH CARE
UNDER THE GOVERNMENT'S WEBSITE
>> HAVE A LITTLE BIT O
SELF-RESTRAINT
IT MIGHT ACTUALLY BE A
POLITICALLY BETTER APPROACH TO
SEE THE MASSIVE DYSFUNCTION.
BUT WE DON'T EVEN HEAR ABOUT
THAT BECAUSE WE'VE STEPPED O
THAT MESSAGE
>> WE THE REPUBLICANS LIKE I
KEEP UP WITH THAT FIGHT, BUT W
HAVE TO LATER-SHOT IT, RATHE
THAN HITTING SOME VEHICLES BUT
WE WERE RELEASED
THEY WERE SET FORTH AFTER PRISON
OFFICIALS.
THEY WILL NOW CHECK BACK WIT
JUDGES TO CONFIRM EARLY RELEASES
BEFORE SETTING PRISONERS FREE.
A MAJOR BRIBERY SCANDAL IS
UNFOLDING IN THE NAVY.
THE "WASHINGTON POST" REPORTED
THAT TWO HIGH-LEVEL NAVY
OFFICERS HAVE BEEN ARRESTED.
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS ALLEGE THA
A DEFENSE CONTRACTOR, BASED IN
SINGAPORE, PROVIDED CASH, LUXURY
HOTEL ROOMS AND PROSTITUTES AN
MAYBE PERSONNEL IN EXCHANGE FO
CLASSIFIED BUSINESS THAT LED T
MONEY FROM THE FIRM.
THAT WORD TODAY FROM THE ARA
LEAGUE
SECRETARY OF STATE TO MEET WIT
SYRIAN OPPOSITION GROUPS
IN SYRIA THERE WAS ANOTHER
BOMBING AT A SECURITY CHEC
POINT, THE SECOND IN TWO DAYS.
A SUICIDE BOMBER BLEW HIMSELF UP
IN A TRUCK
MOST OF THE VICTIMS WERE
CIVILIANS EVEN THOUGH MILITARY
PERSONNEL WERE THE TARGETS
>>> IN AUSTRALIA, THEY'R
STRUGGLING TO DESTROY WILDFIRE
THAT HAVE DESTROYED HUNDREDS O
HOMES.
MORE THAN FIRES ARE BURNING
WIND IS LIKE TOLL INCREASE I
THE COMING DAYS.
>>> 15,000 PEOPLE HAVE SIGNED
PETITION CIRCULATED URGING CANDY
MANUFACTURERS TO STOP USIN
ARTIFICIAL DYES.
SOME STUDIES SHOW A LIKENESS
BETWEEN CONSUMPTION OF THE DYES.
SOME USE NATURAL COLORINGS I
PRODUCTS SOLD THERE, EVEN THOUGH
THEY SELL THE SAME PRODUCTS IN
THIS COUNTRY WITH ARTIFICIAL
DYES IN THEM
>>> NOW TO OUR SIGNATURE
SEGMENT.
IT MAY SURPRISE YOU TO LEARN
THAT ALMOST 90% OF ALL COR
GROWN IN THE UNITED STATES HAS
BEEN GENETICALLY MODIFIED.
INDUSTRY OFFICIALS SAY THA
ENSURES HIGHER YIELDS AN
PROTECTS CROPS FROM DROUGHT AN
INFESTATION.
BUT THIS REQUIRES A GREAT DEAL
OF TESTING, AND THAT MEANS
PESTICIDES ARE APPLIED
FREQUENTLY
IT'S ALL LED TO AN ONGOING
DISPUTE IN HAWAII WHERE TH
GENTLE CLIMATE ALLOWS FO
PLANTING MUCH OF THE YEAR.
MANY PEOPLE THERE SAY THAT'S
MAKING THEM SICK, AND THIS PAS
WEEK, ACTIVISTS WON THEIR MAJO
VICTORY AGAINST THE BATTLE O
THE SEED COMPANIES
MEGAN THOMPSON REPORTS
>> Reporter: THE HAWAIIAN ISLAND
OF KAUAI IS KNOWN AS THE GARDE
ISLE LURING HUNDREDS O
THOUSANDS OF TOURISTS TO ITS
LUSH NORTHERN SHORES
FEWER MAKE IT TO THE DRY SIDE,
WHERE FARMERS HAVE LIVED FOR
GENERATIONS AND WHERE FARMIN
HAS ALWAYS BEEN A WAY OF LIFE.
TODAY THESE BIO COMPANIES HAVE
BEEN MAKING DIFFERENT FOODS.
THE PREVAILING WINDS HERE BLOW
OUT OF THE NORTHEAST AND
RESIDENTS HERE SAY WHEN THOS
WINDS BLOW, THEY BRING DUST AN
PESTICIDES FROM THESE FIELDS
DOWN TO THEIR HOMES.
AND SOME BELIEVE THAT'S MAKING
THEIR CHILDREN SICK.
>> IN 2007, I GAVE BIRTH TO MY
SON.
AND WITHIN A DAY, WE REALIZED HE
WAS SEIZING AND WE FOUND THA
HIS BRAIN HAD HEMORRHAGED AND HE
LOST THE WHOLE ENTIRE RIGH
FRONTAL LOBE
>> SIX-YEAR-OLD LACONA DICKINSON
STILL HAS SEIZURES, ACCORDING TO
HIS MOTHER
AFTER CONSULTING WITH A BLOO
SPECIALIST, SHE WORNDS IF HI
WHOLE PRASZ DIDN'T LIVE HERE THE
WHOLE TIME WHILE I'M PROUDING.
SDPLZ YOU DON'T KNOW FOR SUR
WHAT THE CAUSE WAS OF YOUR SON'S
ILLNESS.
>> NO, AND THAT SCARES ME.
AND I CAN'T KNOW BECAUSE THEY'RE
NOT DISCLOSING ANYTHING TO US.
>> A BATTLE HAS ERUPTED OVER THE
SEED FARMS
MORE THAN 150 RESIDENTS HAS SUED
PIONEER.
THOUGH PIONEER DECLINED TO
COMMENT ON THE LITIGATION, THE
FAMILIES CONCLUDED THAT DUST AND
PESTICIDES PERMEATE THEIR HOMES.
THOUSANDS OF OTHERS ON THE
ISLAND DEMONSTRATED.
AND PACK COUNTY COUNCIL HEARINGS
IN SUPPORT OF, IMPOSING NE
RULES AROUND THE GROWERS
IT FORMS BUFFER SIDES AND FORC
THEM TO TELL WHAT PESTICIDES
THEY'RE USING, HOW MANY.
ZS THERE IS STRONG AN HE CAN
ONE PEDIATRICIAN WROTE IN AN
E-MAIL THAT HE HAD OBSERVED FO
LESS EPIDEMIOLOGICAL STATU
WOULD BE NEEDED.
>> TELL US WHAT YOU'RE SPRAYING,
WHAT YOU'RE GROWING, AND THE
LET US THE FANTASY
HE GOT INVOLVED.
THEY TOOK HER NEXT TO THE FIEL
EMERGENCY ROOM, COMPLAININ
ABOUT DIZZINESS AND NAUSEA
>> THIS IS SERIOUS STUFF THA
DESERVES OUR ATTENTION AND
DESERVES TO BE DEALT WITH NOW.
>> THE SEED COMPANIES AND THEI
EMPLOYEES CAN'T ENFORCE TO FIGHT
THE BILL
>> I WANT PEOPLE TO KNOW THAT WE
ARE GOOD PEOPLE AND WE DO TH
RIGHT SPRING
>> AND THAT, REPEELING THEIR
FORM
THEY SAID OTHER REQUIREMENTS
COULD THREATEN THEIR OPERATION
AND THE HUNDREDS OF JOBS THE
DAY THE C-COMPANY.
WE ALL LIVED AS A COMMUNITY, YOU
KNOW
>> CLOSE TO 20% OF THE ISLAND'
USABLE FARMLAND THEY HAVE.
SEEDS ARE A BIG GIS IN THE STATE
IS $249 MILLION A YEAR, MORE
THAN TRIPLE THE OTHER COMMODITY,
SUGAR.
MARK WORKS FOR SARGENTA AN
WORKS FOR THE TRADE GROUP WHIC
REPRESENTS SARGENTA, DOW AND
PIONEER, A SUBSIDIARY O DUPONT
WE'RE HERE 365 CROPS A YEAR, AND
WE ONLY DO SOMETHING 10 TO 12 TO
DEVELOP, WE CAN DO IT HERE I
THREE TO FOUR YEARS.
>> HE HAS SENT
-- TODAY ALMOST THE OF THE COR
GROWING IN THE UNITED STATES
THE TECHNOLOGY HAS BROUGHT I
ECONOMIC BENEFIT OF MORE THA
$24 BILLION TO
YOU CAN SEE THERE IS A TAJ T
HER R TOO.
EXACT LINE IT'S CALL
YOU CAN SEE THERE'S NO EAR
DAMAGE AT ALL TO THIS AREA
IT'S BEAUTIFUL
>> OWN THOUGH THE SEED
COMPANIES.
THAT INCLUDES THE APPLICATION OF
SEVERAL CALLED
CHEMICALS REGULATED BY THE EPA
CAN ONLY BE HANDLED BY
EXPERIENCED PEOPLE
>> WE WERE VERY CAREFUL IN HOW
WE APPLY THE PESTICIDES.
WE MEASURE WIND DIRECTION, WIN
SPEED.
IT'S NOT OF ANY ADVANTAGE FOR US
TO HAVE THINGS DRIFT OUT
ANYWHERE
ZAZ.
SOME INFORMATION ON WHAT'S BEING
SPREAD AS STARTED.
BUT THE SEED COMPANIES, WH
SPENT MILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, SHARED
MORE ON THE SPECIFICS.
>> ON AN ANNUAL BASIS, ARE ANY
OF YOU WILLING TO DISCLOSE THA
AMOUNT
I'LL TAKE THE SILENCE AS A NO.
>> THE PEOPLE IN OUR COMMUNITY
HERE HAVE BEEN ASKING FOR A FE
YEARS TO KNOW WHAT PESTICIDE
ARE BEING SPRAYED BY THE SEE
COMPANIES HERE
HOW MUCH, NOT.
THE RECENT IS NOT BUT AS FAR A
COMPETITIVENESS, FAR DISCLOE
OF
THE IN GRED YENTS YOU'RE USING
THAT I MIGHT NOT BE USING, W
EACH HAVE A COMPETITIVE.
PROBABLY THE FIRST PEOPLE IN THE
COMMUNITY THAT WOULD GET SIC
WOULD BE OUR WORKERS
AND THERE'S NO INDICATION OF
THAT
>> PHILLIPSON ALSO POINTS TO A
RECENT STUDY BY THE HAWAII
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH, SHOWIN
CANCER IS NO HIGHER IN KAUAI
THAN OTHER PARTS OF THE STATE.
OTHER TESTS SHOWING WATER TEST
TO BE SAFE
BUT THEY ARE ACCUSED OF NO
FOLLOWING SPRAYING GUIDELINE
CLOSE ENOUGH
THE ATTORNEY IN THE PIONEE
LAWSUIT SAYS THIS VIDEO THEY
SHOT SHOWS PESTICIDES BLOWIN
OFF A FIELD NEAR TOWN.
EVEN THOUGH THE PESTICIDES ARE
THE SAME ONES USED BY FARMERS IN
THE MIDWEST, FOR EXAMPLE
CRITICS POINT OUT THEY'RE BEIN
APPLIED DURING MORE MONTHS O
THE YEAR HERE.
>> HOW CAN YOU TELL ME I DON'T
HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW WHA
THEY'RE SPRAYING
>> THAT'S WHY SOME RESIDENTS
INCLUDING LOCAL DOCTORS LIKE
RICH GODDING, BELIEVES FOR
SERVICES ARE NEEDED.
>> WE WANT TO BE VERY CAREFUL,
AND I THINK SOME OF THEM ARE
AFRAID TO SAY ANYTHING, BECAUS
THEY'RE AFRAID OF SEEING
THEREFORE, THIS IS HAPPENING
I'M NOT SAYING THAT.
I DON'T KNOW ANY AND WE HAVE
SOME PROBLEMS.
CAN WE FIND OUT MORE ABOUT WHA
THEY'RE SKPRAG CAN WE LOOK THE
HEALTH PROBLEMS WE HAVE IN THE
COMMUNITY.
>> EVEN THOUGH THAT BILL
REQUIRING THE SEED COMPANIES T
CREATE BUFFER ZONES AND DISCLOSE
THEIR SPRAYING WAS PASSED THIS
WEEK, AT LEAST ONE SEED COMPAN
SAYS IT'S EXPLORING.
IT COULD BE TIME BEFORE AL
THESE RESIDENTS GET TH
INFORMATION THEY'RE LOOKING FOR.
>>> WHO WERE THE BIG 5 AND WHA
WROEL DID THEY
IT HOW'S.NOW TO AN BRNT.
THE 700-PANL BOOK IS FILLED WITH
AUTHORS AND LETTERS AND THOUGHTS
THAT HE DESCRIBED AS THE EIGHT
WONDER OF THE WORLD.
JOINING ME NOW IS JEFF GRIFFIN
HE IS THE BOOK'S ASSOCIATE
LETTER
>> IT WAS IN 2010.
IT WAS A BEST SELLER, AND HO
ONE VIEWER WROTE, STRANGE.
REPEAL THE SECOND THERE IS
REVELATION OF HIS EARLY LIFE AND
WROTE ABOUT MAKING HIS MARK ON
LITERATURE AND SOCIETY AND MOR
TALK ABOUT HIS CONCERNS OF THE
MOMENT IN 1906-07 WHEN HE WA
WRITING IT
>> YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN PLOWIN
THROUGH THESE DOCUMENT
LITERALLY FOR DECADES.
>> THAT'S RIGHT, SO I DON'T KNOW
IF THE DISCOVERIES ARE NEW T
US
I THINK A LOT WILL BE NEW TO
GENERAL READERS.
A LOT OF GENERAL READERS
PROBABLY DON'T REALIZE, FO
EXAMPLE, THAT MARK TWAIN'S WAS A
LIFE LIVED ON THE GRAND SCALE.
BUT HE SPINT SPEND HIS WHOLE TOM
WITH
IT'S VERY ABSORBING.
>> WHEN YOU DISCOVERED SOME OF
THE MATERIAL IN VOLUME 2, WHAT
MADE YOU GO, WOW, I DIDN'T KNO
THAT
>> I WAS FASCINATED WITH HIS
DEPTH OF UNDERSTANDING
TECHNOLOGIES
THERE IS A LOT OF THAT IN VOLUME
2, ESPECIALLY, I THINK
HE WAS THE FIRST ONE TO PUT
PRIVATE HOME IN HIS HOME THE
FIRST TIME
YOU SEE THOSE FAB.
HE WAS FASCINATED BY THE MACHINE
THAT CAN PIPE MUSIC INTO HOMES
RATHER THAN WI-FI.
>> IF YOU'RE NOT AWARE ALREADY
THAT HE'S A COMMITTED ANTI
IMPERIALIST, THEN THAT WILL COME
AS A SURPRISE.
THERE IS A GOOD DEAL OF THAT
HIS EDUCATION AGAINST THE BELL
CONGO, AND HIS FEELINGS ABOU
YOU IN THE PHILLIPINES
>> SO TWAIN SHARES HIS THOUGHT
ABOUT POLITICIANS, AND WE WERE
JUST ON THE BRINK OF A
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN.
WHAT WOULD HE SAY ABOUT POLITICS
AND POLITICS TODAY
HE DIED IN 1910, SO WHY IS I
HIS MEMOIRS HAVE ONLY BEEN
PUBLISHED IN RECENT YEARS.
>> PARTS OF THIS MEMOIR HAVE
BEEN PUBLISHED BEFORE.
PARTS OF THEM WERE PUBLISHED I
1906-07 DESPITE CLEMENTS
STATEMENTS IN THE BOOK ABOUT
KEEPING IT BACK FOR 100 YEARS.
OTHER PARTS OF IT HAS BEEN
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THE FUL
WEEK HAS RECOVERED WITHOUT
EDITORIALIZING
>> EDWARD GRIFFIN, THANK YOU FOR
JOINING US
>> THIS IS PBS NEWS HOUR WEEKEND
SUNDAY
>>> FINALLY, ANOTHER IN A SERIES
OF REPORTS ABOUT THE
MISTREATMENT OF ANIMALS.
TONIGHT FISHERMEN OFF THE COAS
OF PERU HARPOONING DOLPHINS AN
USING THEM AS BAIT TO CATC
SHARKS
>> A PERUVIAN FISHING BOAT
HEADED INTO DEEP WATERS TO HUN
FOR SHARK.
ESPECIALLY BLUE SHARK.
IT'S AULD DANGEROUS, WINTE
OCEANS
THEY HAVE PERMISSION TO USE TH
SHARK BAIT
WHEN THE HARPOON STRIKES HOME,
IT DOESN'T KILL THE DOLPHIN.
AS THE FISHERMEN REEL IT INT
THE BOAT, IT'S STILL ALIVE AND
STILL IN PAIN.
FINALLY THEY HAUL IT ONTO TH
DECK WITH A SPIKE.
>> IN PERU, NOWADAYS WE HAVE THE
WORLD'S BIGGEST ILLEGAL WILD
LIFE SLAUGHTER ON THE STATIONS
GOING ON
NOW WE HAVE THE PICTURES
WE CAN SEE IT AND WE CAN PROVE
TO PEOPLE THIS IS HAPPENING WITH
THOUSANDS OF DOLPHINS PER YEAR
GETTING KILLED
>> HE ESTIMATES 3,000 DOLPHINS A
YEAR ARE KILLED.
OTHER EXPERTS SAY MORE
THIS MEAT IS NOT FOR HUMAN
CONSUMPTION BUT TO PROVIDE
FISHERMEN WITH CHEAP BAIT TO
ATTRACT SHARKS TO THEIR FISHIN
LINES.
WE SHOWED THESE PICTURES T
CONSERVATION EXPERTS WHO SAY
KILLING DOLPHINS LIKE THIS WAS
INHUMANE AND UNNECESSARY
>> YOU CAN USE FISH GUTS, AL
SORTS OF THINGS, TO BAIT YOU
HOOK
YOU DON'T NEED TO USE AN
INCREDIBLE ANIMAL LIKE ADULTS.
IT'S AN AWFUL WASTE.
THE TALK ABOUT A HIGHL
INTELLIGENT, SOCIAL FEEL ANIMAL.
>>> JOIN US TOMORROW ON THE NEWS
HOUR ON AIR AND ON LINE.
SAME-SEX WEDDINGS BEGIN IN NEW
JERSEY FOR THE FIRST TIME, AND
WE'LL UPDATE WHERE GAY MARRIAG
STANDS IN OTHER STATES
YESTERDAY ON FACEBOOK I SHARED
AN IMAGE OF FALL FROM MY
NEIGHBORHOOD AND ASKED YOU TO DO
THE SAME
HERE'S A LOOK AT SOME OF YOU
CONTRIBUTIONS.
THANKS FOR WATCHING.